interprocedural enabled by default on PRs (#944)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/semgrep-code/semgrep-pro-engine-intro.md

## Additional information

### Types of analysis within Semgrep Pro Engine  

**Interfile analysis** gathers context across multiple files to help security engineers deeply understand their organization's security issues. It reduces noise, and detects new vulnerabilites that OSS isn't able to find. Interfile analysis runs on nightly scans. These scans may take longer to complete and can use more memory than OSS Engine scans. Interfile analysis is available for Java and Javascript/Typescript.

> **Interprocedural analysis** keeps the fast scan times of Semgrep OSS while also finding new vulnerabilities that cross functions within a single file.
> It improves results in pull or merge requests (PRs or MRs) and helps security engineers build trust with developers. Interprocedural analysis available for [all GA langauges](supported-languages/#semgrep-oss-engine). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    <dt>Interprocedural analysis</dt>
    <dd>Keeps the fast scan times of Semgrep OSS Engine while also finding new vulnerabilities that cross functions within a single file. Interprocedural analysis improves results in pull requests or merge requests and helps security engineers build trust with developers. The interprocedural analysis is available for all languages listed as GA on the <a href="/docs/supported-languages/">Supported languages</a> page</dd>
</dl>
```
